Welcome back in this video we're going to be going over solutions to the Klasky word exercise here.
We need to refactor a constructor function from S 5 to use the new as 2015 class syntax.
So we'll start with the class keyword and specify the name of our class which is person and place curly
braces after inside.
We'll define any methods for our class.
The first method we need to define is a special method called constructor which will accept a first
name last name.
Favorite color and favorite number inside of here will place code very similar to what we would have
in our constructor function.
By assigning properties onto the keyword this let's assign first name last name favorite color and favorite
number to be properties on the keyword this with values as the parameters passed to the constructor.
The second method we need to add to our class is an instance method called Multiply favorite number
which accepts as a parameter a number and returns that number multiplied by the favorite number property
for every object created from this class using the new keyword inside of this instance method will multiply
the number passed to the method and the favorite number property for the object we're invoking it on.
And that's all for these exercises.
See you in the next video.